About Us
At BNY, our culture allows us to run our company better and enables employees’ growth and success. As a leading global financial services company at the heart of the global financial system, we influence nearly 20% of the world’s investible assets. Every day, our teams harness cutting-edge AI and breakthrough technologies to collaborate with clients, driving transformative solutions that redefine industries and uplift communities worldwide.

Recognized as a top destination for innovators, BNY is where bold ideas meet advanced technology and exceptional talent. Together, we power the future of finance – and this is what #LifeAtBNY is all about. Join us and be part of something extraordinary.
Job Description
We’re seeking a future team member for the role of Director, Product Design to join our Fund and Investor Solutions team. This role is based in New York, NY.



In this role, you’ll make an impact in the following ways:

We are seeking a Senior Product Designer with experience working with, defining, and designing complex systems to bring creativity, strategic insight, and user-centered thinking to our team. This role requires an individual who excels in collaboration, design execution, and the ability to drive impactful user experiences.

The Ideal Candidate Will Bring the Following Expertise

           Craft

User-Centered Design – Lead with a user-first approach, ensuring all design choices address user needs, behaviors, and insights from research. Drive a seamless and intuitive product experience by deeply understanding our users.
Journey Mapping – Map and analyze end-to-end user journeys across customers, operations, servicing teams and systems to identify pain points, key moments, and opportunities for improvement. Use journey maps to align teams on a shared vision of user needs, ensuring a cohesive and supportive experience at each stage.
Interaction and UI Design – Demonstrates mastery in designing complex web interfaces and workflows, creating products that are both highly functional and visually engaging. Skilled in developing intuitive layouts, navigation patterns, and interaction models for intricate systems. Thoughtfully uses animation and micro-interactions to guide users, making complex tasks more approachable and enhancing the overall product experience.
Proficiency in Design Tools – Possess advanced skills in tools such as Figma and Miro, to create high-fidelity wireframes, prototypes, and mockups that clearly communicate interaction models and UI specifications.
Systems thinking

Design System Knowledge – Experience with and contribute to a global design system that ensures visual consistency across interfaces. Develop workflow patterns and components that can then be reused by other teams.
Complex Systems Knowledge – Bring an understanding of the unique challenges of designing and maintaining complex systems, with an ability to distill intricate requirements into clear design solutions that facilitate user understanding and interaction.
Collaboration and Communication

Cross-Functional Collaboration – Work closely with product managers, engineers, and stakeholders to align design efforts with business goals, transforming complex requirements into clear, functional design solutions that respect technical constraints.
Effective Communication and Storytelling – Articulate design concepts and rationale to diverse stakeholders, making complex ideas accessible. Use storytelling to engage others in the product vision, fostering alignment and enthusiasm.
Mentorship and Leadership

Skilled in guiding junior designers, providing constructive feedback, and elevating team standards. Fosters a culture of continuous learning, innovation, and collaboration within the team.


A portfolio is required to be considered for this position

A portfolio is required and should demonstrate strong interaction design, systems thinking, and experience working in complex or ambiguous problem spaces. A Figma link with view access is acceptable.

Experience

Typically, a candidate at this level will have 12+ years of experience designing digital products, including time spent on complex, enterprise, or regulated systems. Prior domain expertise is less important than demonstrated ability to learn new domains and apply strong design principles effectively.

About the Team
At BNY, our culture speaks for itself, check out the latest BNY news at BNY Newsroom & BNY LinkedIn

 Here’s a few of our recent awards:

America’s Most Innovative Companies, Fortune, 2025
World’s Most Admired Companies, Fortune 2025
“Most Just Companies”, Just Capital and CNBC, 2025
Our Benefits and Rewards:

BNY offers highly competitive compensation, benefits, and wellbeing programs rooted in a strong culture of excellence and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide access to flexible global resources and tools for your life’s journey. Focus on your health, foster your personal resilience, and reach your financial goals as a valued member of our team, along with generous paid leaves, including paid volunteer time, that can support you and your family through moments that matter.

BNY is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Underrepresented racial and ethnic groups/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans.

BNY assesses market data to ensure a competitive compensation package for our employees. The expected base salary for this position when employment commences can be found in the Job Info section at the bottom of the posting.

Base salary offered may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Base salary is only part of the total rewards package, which may include eligibility for an annual discretionary incentive award. Subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plans then in effect, eligible employees may enroll in a 401(k) plan as well as participate in Company-sponsored medical, dental, vision, and basic life insurance plans for the employee and the employee’s eligible dependents. Eligible employees also may receive other benefits (including various paid time off benefits, such as vacation and sick time), dependent on the position offered. Details of participation in these benefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment.

If hired, the employee will be in an “at will” position and the Company reserves the right to modify base salary (as well as any other discretionary payments or compensation programs) at any time, including for reasons related to individual performance, Company or individual department/team performance, and market factors.


Job Info
Job Identification
82305
Job Category
Product Design
Posting Date
09/18/2026, 09:06 AM
Locations
 240 Greenwich Street, New York, NY, 10286, US
Job Schedule
Full time
Job Shift
Day
Base Salary Min
147000
Base Salary Max
281000
